All right you guys welcome back.
So the last two lectures I talked about white papers what they are what they're usually about and how
to write your own.
Plenty of places use them as a lead magnet to get email addresses and info but the people that they
want to start marketing to.
Well the next I really Magritte I want to discuss this called the ebook and I'm sure you've seen it.
Now e-books are longer written pieces that provide information and best practices for people in a specific
field or industry.
They're usually written in a conversational way almost kind of like writing a blog post but a much longer
one with a lot more info in it to offer.
Their purpose usually is to serve as a resource for people.
E-books can be downloaded and Re-Read as many times as it takes to step people through a process to
provide details on how something works or best practices for creating or beginning something.
For example uber fliped created this e-book called data driven content marketing going through the ebook
you'll find visuals to help you will realize the process they're talking about steps to take and resources
to use to make it all work.
It's broad enough that it covers multiple issues the audience might be concerned with but doesn't dive
too deep into each one.
Instead it provides the basics of what you need to know and then just move on.
Of course to access the book you're required to complete a short lead form name email and company.
Now most e-books have gated access like this requiring you to give up some personal info to get that
value.
The question is does the ebook look interesting and valuable enough for you to give up that personal
information and agree to have them start emailing you.
Now you might wonder what's the difference in e-book and a white paper.
Honestly a lot of people even those so-called marketing experts out there wonder the same thing.
Now the two formats are very similar but a good explanation I've heard and I'd agree with at least is
that e-books are like the natural evolution of white papers white papers are kind of like these academic
like formerly written papers on how to solve a problem.
They're mostly tax to usually get printed out and they're very focused what they.
Here's a problem here's a solution type of format and a lot of times data and research are used to prove
a point extensively.
However people today prefer something less tech savvy and formal which is where e-books come in.
Now e-books are usually usually more conversational and they're less steeped in heavy data and research
to prove points.
They don't focus as much on a specific problem or issue they usually provide a set of best practices
based on today's trends.
For someone in a specific field or industry e-books usually provide more resources and are usually longer
than a white paper maybe 20 to 30 pages maybe 50.
Sometimes you see him over 100 but it's a more rare.
But while you could print them out e-books are usually designed and best viewed on a laptop or mobile
device.
Hence the e-book part.
So before we go any further why exactly do we create e-books.
Well they have some nice benefits if you're trying to generate leads.
E-books can help you establish your expertise on a specific topic.
Being able to offer a collection of information tips and resources and one big document takes focus
and effort that plenty of other places simply don't have.
Good example you x pen.
They have a full stack user experience design platform that allows you to wireframe then prototype then.
It's kind of simulate a real app.
They've also written and publish an e-book called How to launch your X user experience career and get
paid.
So not only do they provide a great tool you ex-pros can use but they're also sharing advice for those
same people.
It's a way to establish trust and show they know what exactly they're talking about.
E-books often have a lot of visuals making them engaging and generally fun to read fine or a word
so if you have design skills or if you've already got an info graphic or an intro graphic type content
that you want to use Well pretty easy to reformat that into an e-book.
Now e-books can also help you reuse popular stuff you've written before.
For example if you got great feedback in a series of blog posts about how to do a swift app development
for example well you could take the best parts of those posts add some new material and then kind of
shape it into let's say the beginner's guide to with app development or a similar kind of ebook.
On the flip side since e-books can be densely packed with good stuff you could use pieces of it and
new blog posts or social media posts at the same time promote the e-book if you like this post on email
automation tips.
Check out our e-book on how to use automation to define and improve your overall email strategy.
Put that into your blog that's a great way to convert casual watchers into people who give you their
email.
In general one piece helps the other.
And of course e-books can be awesome at generating leads.
If you've got an interesting topic or promis helpful tips to help people create better websites or be
better at data analysis for example well they'd be probably more than willing to sign up for your emails
to get that.
So those reasons create e-books and if you're ready to learn how.
Check out the next apps and the next lecture.
All right guys see the.